# WT_CW1_00014731
In the process of creating a website, I chose to create a Nescafe website. The main purpose of this website is to inform the client about the types and prices of Nescafe products and to easily communicate with the clients. This website was created using html CSS and JavaScript language and this website can be responsive to any screen which provides convenience to the customer. This website consists of 6 pages and these pages are linked to each other and given basic style.css to design them. A number of icons which are menu bar in navbar, like icons taken from the font-awesome library allow working with classes instead of these images. During the process of building this website, I encountered difficulties in the JavaScript section, for example, when the menu bar button is clicked, the display in the responsive navigation is displayed on the left side, when the show more button is clicked, new products appear, and so on.  For this website I have 3 JavaScript folders they are swipper.js, main.js and swipper-bundle-min. In the main.js folder, the codes for the navigation, search button, show-more button and accordion sections are written, and in swipper.js we used swipper.js to change the background image and information of the home page. It should also be mentioned that I used YouTube videos for swipper to make the website more visually appealing, and I also modified it using the swipper.js website.  All images and website design are taken from Nescafe website and this link real website of Nescafe https://www.nescafe.com/our-coffees.

Link for GitHub 

Link for Web hosting
